PascalCase,How should fields be named?
No,Should tables be prefixed with tbl?
No,Should views be prefixed with vw?
Yes,Should dimensions be prefixed with dim_?
Yes,Should fact tables be prefixed with fct?
Yes,Should bridge tables be prefixed with brg_?
No,Can you have spaces in field names?
CIX_,What is the prefix for clustered indexes?
UIX_,What is the prefix for unique indexes?
IX_,What is the prefix for non-clustered indexes?
FK_ or PK_,How should keys be prefixed?
Primary keys should include their parent object name and the first column in the key (e.g. PK_Table1_Column1),How should primary keys be named?
Foreign keys should reference the object they reside within and the object they make reference to (e.g. FK_Table1_Table2),How should foreign keys be named?
using AS,How should you define labels in the SELECT list?
No,Should you use hungarian notation in variable names?
start of the line,Where should commas appear?
Yes - always,Should insert statements list the fields to be inserted to?
No - never,Should you create temporary tables using SELECT INTO?
Why you are doing something,What are minor comments for?
Overview of what the aim is of the code block,What are major comments for?
New Report Procedure template,Common snippets - nrp
New System Procedure template,Common snippets - nsp
Insert Change History,Common snippets - ich
Insert Comment Block,Common snippets - icb
Create Temporary Table,Common snippets - ctt
Report,What word is banned from the title of all reports?
the report's title including spaces,What should the filename of the report be?
Must start with the name of the person that requested the report and their business area (e.g. Req By: John Smith Bus. Area: Tech Serv),How should the description property be structured in reports?
Should start with tab and then PascalCase description e.g. tabMonthSummary,How should tablixes be named?
In points to ensure alignment with Excel,How should tablixes have their cell width specified?
chtPascalCase,How should charts be named?
listPascalCase,How should lists be named?
...signed off by the MI & Reporting manager. ,All reports released to Report Manager must have either a complete report request or specification document unless ....
Report Request Form,What document exists to facilitate a quick route to development while ensuring some degree of documentation exists for the finished article? (RRF)
Detailed Report Specification,Documentation that must be produced either in advance or by the developer? (DRS)
Process Manual,What document must be produced to detail the granular steps the reporting team go through? (PM)

